But next to the garage was another shared with a big green door. Also locked. No one even knew who had the key to the lock. That shed wasn’t opened more than once a year when Ma turned out all the old broken bits of furniture and rows of matting and leaking buckets. The times when the white and hills were broken and swept away and filth spread into the spider webs and rat holes. All of this so that the whole operation was like the looting of a poor, ruined and conquered city. The green leaves of the door sacked. They were nearly off their rusty hinges. The hinges were large and made a small gap between the door and the walls-only just large enough for rats, dogs and, possibly, Ravi to slip through and commit the grave crime that he had commmitted. Ravi never cared to enter such a dark and depressing mortuary of defunct household goods seething with such alarming animal life, but as Raghu's whistling grew angrier and sharper. Ravi suddenly slipped off the flowerpot and through the crack, was gone. He chuckled aloud with astonishment at his own temerity so that Raghu came out of the hedge, stood silent with his hands on his hips, listening, and finally shouted, “I heard you! I’m coming!", came charging round the garage only to find the upturned flowerpot, the yellow dust, the crawling of white ants in a mud hill against the closed shed door—nothing. Snarling, he bent to pick up a stick and went off, whacking it against the garage and shed walls as if to beat out his prey. 
Ravi shook, then shivered with delight, with self-congratulation. Also with fear. It was dark, spooky in the shed. It had a muffled smell, as of graves. Ravi had once got locked into the linen cupboard and sat there weeping for half an hour before he was rescued. But at least that had been a familiar place, and even smelled pleasantly of starch, laundry, and, reassuringly, of his mother. But the shed smelled of rats, anthills, dust, and spider webs. Also of less definable, less recognizable horrors. And it was dark. Except for the white-hot cracks along the door, there was no light. The roof was very low. Although Ravi was small, he felt as if he could reach up and touch it with his fingertips. But he didn’t stretch. He hunched himself into a ball so as not to bump into anything, touch or feel anything. What might there not be to touch him and feel him as he stood there, trying to see in the dark? Something cold, or slimy—like a snake. Snakes! He leapt up as Raghu whacked the wall with his stick—then, quickly realizing what it was, felt almost relieved to hear Raghu, hear his stick. It made him feel protected.

